Tornado
=================

Installation
------------

- pip3.5 install tornado


Methods
-------

REST Web server use HTTP methods to insert/delete/update/retrieve information which is:

- GET -- Requests a specific representation of a resource
- PUT -- Creates or updates a resource with the supplied representation
- DELETE -- Deletes the specified resource
- POST -- Submits data to be processed by the identified resource
- PATCH -- Applies partial modifications to a resource



Class
-----
 Class is an extensible program-code-template for creating objects, providing initial values for variables and implementations of behavior (member functions or methods).
 In many languages, the class name is used as the name for the class (the template itself), the name for the default constructor of the class (a subroutine that creates objects), and as the type of objects generated by instantiating the class.
 Modules, classes partake of the dynamic nature of Python: they are created at runtime, and can be modified further after creation.


__init__ method
---------------

The __init__ method is run as soon as an object of a class is instantiated. The method is useful to do any initialization you want to do with your object.
 Notice the double underscore both in the beginning and at the end in the name.

-How It Works

We define the __init__ method as taking a parameter arg (along with the usual self).
We just create a new field also called arg. These are two different variables even though they have the same name.
The dotted notation allows us to differentiate between them.

```bash
    def __init__(self, arg):
        self.arg = arg
```

Most importantly, notice that we do not explicitly call the __init__ method but pass the arguments in the parentheses
following the class arg when creating a new instance of the class. This is the special significance of this method.

Now, we are able to use the self.arg field in our methods.

```bash
    def my_method(self):
        print('my method with value ', self.arg)
```


Class method
------------
A class method is one that belongs to the class as a whole.
It doesn't require an instance. Instead, the class will automatically be sent as the first argument.
A class method is declared with the @classmethod decorator.
Class method objects is a wrapper around another object that alters the way in which that object is retrieved from classes and class instances.


IOLoop
------
The IOLoop.start method should usually be called at the end of the main() function.
Atypical applications may use more than one IOLoop, such as one IOLoop per thread, or per unittest case.



Regular expression operations-re
--------------------------------
Regular expressions use the backslash character ('\') to indicate special forms or to allow special characters to be used without invoking their special meaning.
RedirectHandler also supports regular expression substitutions.



Tuple
-----
A tuple is a sequence of immutable Python objects. Tuples are sequences, just like lists.
The differences between tuples and lists are, the tuples cannot be changed unlike lists and tuples use parentheses, whereas lists use square brackets.

```bash
tup = ('abc', 'xyz');
```

Create page
-----------

There is three ways to create and show HTML page with tornado.web. First is write your HTML code like template:

```bash
    def get(self):

        self.render("index-tpl.html",
                    title="My title",
                    items=["Item 1", "Item 2", "Item 3", "Item 4"])
```

or you can open your HTML page with content:

```bash
    def get(self):

        with open('index.html') as f:
            content = f.read()

        self.write(content)
```

or you can write your code in self.write:

```bash
    def get(self):
        self.write('''
<head>
  <title>Demo APP</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>Hello World ...</p>
<a href="/about">Click here for about page</a>
</body>
        ''')
```
